Update the prologue for ZHA integration (#29314)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zha.markdown

ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The ZHA (Zigbee Home Automation) integration is a full-stack [Zigbee gateway](https://csa-iot.org/all-solutions/zigbee/) implementation. It works out-of-the-box and is very easy to get started with, allowing you to connect most [off-the-shelf Zigbee based IoT devices from any manufacturer](https://csa-iot.org/csa-iot_products/) wirelessly directly to Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ZHA (Zigbee Home Automation) integration allows you to wirelessly connect many off-the-shelf [Zigbee-based devices](https://csa-iot.org/csa-iot_products/) directly to Home Assistant, using one of the many available Zigbee coordinators.
```

> It only requires one locally connected Zigbee Coordinator radio adapter, and since it depends on the [zigpy (open-source Python library)](https://github.com/zigpy/zigpy) it uses a hardware-independent standard Zigbee stack that is compatible with many different Zigbee Coordinator radio adapters available today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZHA uses an open-source Python library implementing a hardware-independent Zigbee stack called [zigpy](https://github.com/zigpy/zigpy). All coordinators compatible with zigpy can be used with ZHA.
```
